Chief Master Ouyang
This large group of Liang Zong people has arrived
Why haven't you announced the start yet?
What's the hurry?
I invited the contemporary goddess of Langya Tiange to manage it.
It hasn't arrived yet.
Contemporary Goddess
Hahahaha
Sect Master Ouyang is idle in Jiangnan Province
Shame is not enough
I'll lose again later
I see your Skywolf Gate
In the future, if you lose face, you will be thrown into this entire cultivation world
The competition hasn't even started yet
Sect Master He said this too early
Is the groom early?
disciple
Why do I feel that these two large sums have not started yet?
It's over.
Master said it well
After all, Cangramen has been losing for decades
I think it's better to admit defeat.
Yellow rot feast, I think you want to die
presumptuous
Guo Er, how can you have this life?
Carry forward the suzerain
My apprentice young man
trait execution
It doesn't sound good
Please bear with me.
Enough of the surname He
You don't have to be here as concerned as I am
Today is different
I will definitely give you one this year.
Big surprise.
Really? Then I'll do a good job
Hey
I don't know if I can win the Golden Roc Sword Sect this year
They've been losing for decades.
This is going to lose again
How can we still have the face to stay at Mr. Jinhuan?
Stay put
Hoping to play this year
Can you defeat the Canopy Sword Sect?